IAE La Rochelle
IAE La Rochelle
Program
Research
Student life
Home >
Program >
Continuing training >
Master of Business Administration with specialization in General (...)
Master of Business Administration with specialization in General Management
Location
by correspondence or ESG Douala
Continuing training
Program by correspondence
The Master of Business Administration with specialization in General Management can be taught in several ways: face-to-face or by correspondence (100% e-learning) for employees in continuing education.
The aim of this training program is to enable students to acquire a double competence.
Students without a background in management studies are made aware of the common features and specificities of different types of organizations that can host them (SMEs or multinationals, service companies or industrial companies).
Emphasis is on general knowledge of management (management, marketing, finance) and on the mastery of ICT (information and communication technologies).
The versatility of the diploma and its strong professional anchoring are assets for rapid professional integration into management positions and for a greater dynamic in career development.
2 compulsory internship periods of 3 to 6 months complete the training.
About this program
Registration
About this program
Play
Vidéo du Master MAE en
E learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr6EVdGIs7o&rel=0
Play
le fonctionnement du master de gestion en e-learning de l’IAE de La Rochelle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmBsWDKrVF4&rel=0
Editorial
"In e-learning, we are mainly targeting individuals already in the job who are looking for a dual competence and who wish to evolve professionally. For example, a project manager would move from technical management to management with managerial aspects. So our audience is very varied, both in terms of initial training and age! "
Mathieu Paquerot
Unfold||Fold
The objectives of the Master’s in Business Administration in e-learning Give a new impetus to your career and move towards a more strategic dimension, without interrupting your professional activity. Continue your studies in a Master’s program. Acquire a double competence. The advantages of the Master in Business Administration in e-learning
Non-managers are made aware of the common features and specificities of different types of organizations that can host them (for example: SMEs or multinational, service companies or industrial companies).
Emphasis is placed on general knowledge of management (management, marketing, finance) and on the mastery of NICT (new information and communication technologies).
The versatility of the diploma and its strong professional anchoring are assets for rapid professional integration in management positions and for a more dynamic career development.
Former participant’s testimony
With the Master of Business Administration, the emphasis is on general knowledge in management (management, marketing, finance) but also on the mastery of ICT. Working and studying at a distance thus involves a combination of synchronous and asynchronous work in groups and the obligatory use of Internet tools to communicate and meet one another.
Silvain Marvié
Masters 1 & 2 by correspondence / e-learning
Offered by correspondence to professionals, employees or job seekers, the Master’s degree in Management and Business Administration facilitates the acquisition of a double competence in management while continuing its activities.
Learn more
Register MAE e-learning blog
Registration
To registrate, please fill out the preregistration form.
Or contact the IAE La Rochelle at the following address:
Secrétariat Master Administration des Entreprises en e-learning
Unfold||Fold
Tuition fees : 5000 euros
Registration
See also
Blog of the Master Administration of the companies in e-learning
Portfolio